Liam Beckman
16 October 2016 Sunday
cs 140u intro to unix/linux ONLINE
ASSIGNMENT 2

  

1. What vi command allows you to move to the first line in the current buffer (document), not first line of the current page?

Both the 1G or gg command moves the cursor to the first line in the buffer. 



2. What command allows you to move to the last line in the buffer(document), not the last line of the current page?

The G command moves the cursos to the last line in the buffer.



3. What file in your home directory allows you to customize your vi environmentvariables permanently?

Typically, one may store their configs in the vim startup file (.vimrc) which will be located in the user's home directory.



4. List the properly named parts of a valid e-mail address, briefly describe each one, and then give 3 examples of complete e-mail addresses. username@hostname.domain_name... ,

The username ----- the unique identifier assigned to a particular owner of the e-mail addreess.
The hostname ----- the identifier for whomever oowns the actual server that the e-mail messages operate from.
The domain name -- the top level domain associated with the hostname (i.e. .com, .org, .net, etc.).

EXAMPLES:
liam.beckman@pcc.edu
lbeckman314@gmail.com
lbeckman@uoregon.edu



5. What are the two general modes of operations you can perform in vi?

The two general modes of vi operation are INSERT and COMMAND



6. Briefly describe what the SMTP standard protocol format for an e-mail message is.

The SMTP prvoides a set of standardized guildlines by which e-mail messages are sent, recived, and stored. Short for Simple Mail Transfer Protocol, SMTP is based around commands by which senders and recipients may coordinate their transmissions:
---MAIL, which specifies the return address of the sender;
---RCPT, which specifies the address of the recipient;
---DATA, which specifies the beginning of the data transmission, or rather the e-mail message itself. 


7. Briefly describe the difference between the POP and IMAP e-mail protocols.

POP (Post Office Protocol) and IMAP (Internet Messaging Access Protocol) each provide two very different ways to access and manage one's e-mail correspondence. The largest differences include:

with POP, e-mails are first downloaded from an e-mail server, then stored on one's local machine, and finally deleted from the server. This prevents reading messages from any other computer. Thus, e-mails may be acessbile later without a guranteed internet connection.

with IMAP, e-mails are stored on a dedicated server system that allows one to access them from any device with an internet connection. However, e-mails are not necessarily availble with that connection.



8. What does the MIME attachment standard for e-mail deal with?

MIME (or Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions) allows for a broader range of text and media to be included within an e-mail message. Such text and media may include JPEG, GIF, or MPEG attachments, as well as multi-part headers and message bodies.



9. List and briefly describe some common functions found in UNIX e-mail systems.

A standard UNIX e-mail system consists of a user agent that provides a user-interface (either GUI or CLI) that allows the user to access their inbound messages as well as write their outbound messages.

The user agent either sends (in the case of outbound messages) or receives (in the case of inbound messages) this information to the transport agent, a program that itself sends and receives messages to the transport agent of another computer. In this fashion, UNIX users may exhange messages in a somewhat symmetrical manner.   

A typical CLI e-mail command may resemble the following:
$ echo "MESSAGE" | mail -s "SUBJECT" USERNAME@HOSTNAME.DOMAIN

skip to main content
My Home 
CS-140U-0-40986 - Intro to UNIX/LinuxSelect a course... 
Message alerts - You have new alerts
 
Update alerts - You have new alerts
 
Subscription alerts
 
 Liam Beckman
Navigation
Course Home
  
Content
  
Calendar
  
Discussions
  
Assignments
  
Quizzes
  
Classlist
  
Grades
  
Online Rooms
  
Chat
  
Surveys
Submit Files - Assignment 2
Hide Submission Folder Information
Submission Folder
 
Assignment 2
Instructions
 
CS140U - 50 pts DUE: Announced in Discussion board and online calendar Assignment 2

Due Date: Check the online calendar / Discussion board

50 Points

Copy and paste the questions and your answers in the body of your text file.  You do not need to use vi, but it would be ideal if you do a couple of assignments using vi for practice. Please be complete with your answers.

Each question has its own point system. For instance, if an assignment has 10 questions and it is worth 50 points, each question will be worth 5 points, etc.

When I correct your assignments, there will be series of *** in front of an answer, indicating that the answer is either incomplete or complete wrong. The points will be deducted accordingly. -1 for very minor error, 3 or more for major errors. The key for the assignments will be found under Content-assignment/lab answers.

Make sure to submit all of your assignments in the dropbox.

Always include the assignment questions (except assignments 6, 7), otherwise 10 pts will be deducted. Also, attach ONLY  .txt files, NO Word or PDF files.

CS 140U

 

 

1. What vi command allows you to move to the first line in the current buffer (document), not first line of the current page?

 

2. What command allows you to move to the last line in the buffer(document), not the last line of the current page?

 

3. What file in your home directory allows you to customize your vi environment

variables permanently?

4. List the properly named parts of a valid e-mail address, briefly describe

each one, and then give 3 examples of complete e-mail addresses.

username@hostname.domain_name... ,

5. What are the two general modes of operations you can perform in vi?

6. Briefly describe what the SMTP standard protocol format for an e-mail message is.

7. Briefly describe the difference between the POP and IMAP e-mail protocols.

8. What does the MIME attachment standard for e-mail deal with?

9. List and briefly describe some common functions found in UNIX e-mail systems.

 

 

 

 

Start Date
 
Oct 7, 2016 11:07 PM
End Date
 
Oct 16, 2016 11:59 PM
Submit Files

Files to submit
 
(0) file(s) to submit

After uploading, you must click Submit to complete the submission.
Add a FileRecord AudioRecord Video	
Comments
 
Skip Toolbars for Comments.

More Insert actions. 

Show All Components


SubmitCancel
